# Problem 1708A "Difference Operatons"
This is my current best solution to the problem 1708A "Crossmarket", which is an 800 rated problem. My current solution has been accepted, and hence I consider it to be complete. Of course, as always, if I can think of a more efficient solution, I shall return to the problem. 

## Problem statement
Given an array of integers, determine if it is possible to make all integers from the second element onwards equal to 0, where the allowed operation is that two consecutive integers can be picked, and the first subtracted from the second, which can be performed an arbitrary number of times.

## Method
Let us consider how to make the second element 0. For this to occur, it must be divisible by the first element i.e. $a_2 \mod a_1 = 0$ (treating the array as 1-indexed). Now, if the second element is divisible by the first, then the smallest element it can be before 0 is the first element. If the third element is to be able to become 0, it must be divisible by some version of the second element, subtraced from the first, i.e. divisible by some multiple of the first element. But, by transitivity of division, this means that the third element must be divisible by the first. More precisely, $a_3 \mod (a_2 - c \cdot a_1 ) = 0$ where $c$ varies, but as $a_1$ divides $a_2$ this means that $a_3 \mod c \cdot a_1 = 0$ i.e. this must mean that $a_3$ is disible by $a_1$, by transitivity of division. This reasoning can be recursively applied to all elements of the array, to show that the only condition to check is that the first element divides every other element in the array. 