# Problem 1973A "Chess for three"
This is my current best solution (after looking at the editorial) to the problem 1973A "Chess for three", which is a 900 rated problem. I found the O(1) solution in the editorial to be particularly interesting, and worth explaining, since I found it quite confusing initially, so I would like to explain it here.

## Problem statement
Three friends play some ($0$ or more) games of chess together. In any one game, the three friends can either win, lose, or draw, which is worth $2$, $0$ and $1$ point respectively. You are given their final score at the end, with the number $p_1, p_2, p_3$, where it is guaranteed that $p_1 \leq p_2 \leq p_3$. Print $-1$ if the set of scores is not possible from playing games, otherwise find the maximum number of draws possible from this game.

## Method
Now, the final solution is $$min((p_1 + p_2 + p_3 / 2), p_1 + p_2)$$, but the question is, how did we get there? First of all, it is important that we note that if the sum of the three integers is odd, then the games are not possible, as every game involves incrementing the sum by $2$, so we must have an even sum by the end. Now, on to the solution. There are two main cases that are possible. The first is $p_1 + p_2 \leq p_3$. In this case, the maximum number of draws is simply $p_1 + p_2$. The second case is slightly more involved. It is the inverse, i.e. when $p_1 + p_2 > p_3$. Now, to extract a solution for the number of total draws, a little bit of symbolic manipulation is required here. We somehow want the maximum number of draws, given just $p_1, p_2$ and $p_3$. First, notice that the above implies that $p_1 > p_3 - p_2$, so ,we can beging by drawing $p_1$ and $p_3$ $p_3 - p_2$ times. This give the two values as $$p_1 = p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)$$ and $$p_3 = p_3 - (p_3 - p_2) = p_2$$, with $p_3 - p_2$ draws currently. Now, to reduce $p_1$ to $0$, notice that since $p_1 + p_2 + p_3$ is even, it implies that $p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)$ is even. So now, we subtract off this by drawing $p_1$ with $p_2$ and $p_3$ $(p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)) / 2$ times. The answers now are $$p_1 = (p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)) - 2 \cdot ((p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)) / 2)$$ $$p_2 = p_2 - (p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)) / 2$$ $$p_3 = p_2 - (p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)) / 2$$, with the total number of draws now being $$(p_3 - p_2) + (p_1 - (p_3 - p_2))$$. Finally, we draw player 2 and 3 against each other $p_2 - (p_1 - (p_3 - p_2)) / 2$ to bring them down to 0. The final sum of draws then becomes, (with some algebraic manipulation): $$(p_1 + p_2 + p_3 / 2)$$. The min case is essentially equivalent to comparing the two large cases.
